Add k8s resource location annotation (#33840)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

For unsupported languages, use the `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags to link data to a specific commit. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

## Kubernetes source code and resource mapping

Datadog's Source Code and resource mapping allow you to connect cluster resources to the source code
that was used to deploy them, using Kubernetes annotations.

> `origin.datadoghq.com/location` contains different content depending on how the resources were deployed.

Reviewer: Sorry, that's fair! I was trying to think of a more high-level way to put it, since I worried it would be a distraction for users if they felt they had to look specifically for origin.datadoghq.com/location if they didn't already have context for what it is. If there's no way to describe this in a more conceptual way, that's fine, but I do think it would be less distracting if we can think of one.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Raw Kubernetes YAML" %}}
If you deploy resource using `kubectl`, use the following annotation format:

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
	"repo": {
		"url": <repo URL>

> 		"targetRevision": <sha1 for commit being deployed>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"url": <repo URL>,
		"targetRevision": <sha1 for commit being deployed>,
```

		"path": <file path of the resource>
	}
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm chart" %}}

> If you deploy resource using `Helm`, use the following annotation format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deployed resources using `helm`, use the following annotation format:
```

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
	"helm": {

> 		"charURL": <chart location if different from repoURL>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"charURL": <chart location if different from repoURL>,
```
I just noticed this and wanted to double check, since it appears several times. Should it be `charURL` or `chartURL`?

		"repoURL": <chart and/or values.yaml files location>,
		"targetRevision": <sha1 for repoURL>,
		"valuesPath": ["paths relative to <repoURL>"],
		"chartPath": <relative to repoURL>
	}
}
```

`chartPath` can either point to a folder or an archive relative to `<repoURL>`.
If the chart was unpacked, `chartPath` contains the folder unpack path.

There are 6 ways to set the annotation depending on how `helm install` is invoked.

> {{% collapse-content title="1. Chart reference" level="h4" expanded=false id="chart-reference" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="Chart reference" level="h4" expanded=false id="chart-reference" %}}
```

Chart is stored in the git repo in unpacked form.

> Installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this option when the chart is stored in the git repo in unpacked form.

Use the installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path>` with the following information in the above format:
```

* `repoURL`: repo where the chart and `values.yaml` files are stored
* `targetRevision`: commit SHA of `repoURL`

> * `valuesPath`: array should contain `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to HELM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `valuesPath`: `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to Helm
```

* `chartPath`: `<chart/path>` relative `repoURL`

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="2. Path to a packaged chart" level="h4" expanded=false id="path-to-chart" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="Path to a packaged chart" level="h4" expanded=false id="path-to-chart" %}}
```

Chart is stored in the git repo in the form of an archive.
Installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path/arch-x.y.z.tgz>`

* `repoURL`: repo where the chart is stored and `values.yaml` files are stored
* `targetRevision`: commit SHA of `repoURL`
* `valuesPath`: array should contain `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to HELM

> * `chartPath`: <chart/path/arch-x.y.z.tgz> relative `repoURL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `chartPath`: <chart/path/arch-x.y.z.tgz> relative to `repoURL`
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="3. Path to an unpacked chart directory" level="h4" expanded=false id="path-to-unpacked-chart" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="Path to an unpacked chart directory" level="h4" expanded=false id="path-to-unpacked-chart" %}}
```

Chart is stored somewhere and unpacked in the current git repo during the installation.
Installation command `helm install <release> <unpacked/path/dir>`

* `charURL`: should be set to URL of the chart
* `repoURL`: repo where the `values.yaml` files are stored
* `targetRevision`: commit SHA of `<repoURL>`
* `valuesPath`: array should contain `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to HELM
* `chartPath`: `<unpacked/path/dir>` relative `<repoURL>`

{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="4. Absolute URL" level="h4" expanded=false id="absolute-url" %}}

> Installation command `helm install mynginx https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install mynginx https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz` with the following information in the above format:
```
The above descriptions include a sentence to describe when the option is appropriate. I think we should add them for this and the following options; even when it seems obvious, it can be useful to beginner users.

> * `charURL`: should be `https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `charURL`: a URL in the format `https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz`
```

* `repoURL`: repo where the `values.yaml` files are stored
* `targetRevision`: commit SHA of `<repoURL>`
* `valuesPath`: array should contain `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to HELM

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="5. Chart reference and repo url" level="h4" expanded=false id="chart-reference-and-repo" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="Chart reference and repo URL" level="h4" expanded=false id="chart-reference-and-repo" %}}
```

> Installation command `helm install --repo https://example.com/charts/ mynginx nginx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install --repo https://example.com/charts/ mynginx nginx` with the following information in the above format:
```

* `charURL`: `https://example.com/charts/nginx`
* `repoURL`: repo where the `values.yaml` files are stored
* `targetRevision`: commit SHA of `<repoURL>`

> * `valuesPath`: array should contain `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to HELM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `valuesPath`: `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to Helm
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="6. OCI registries" level="h4" expanded=false id="oci-registries" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="OCI registries" level="h4" expanded=false id="oci-registries" %}}
```

> Installation command `helm install mynginx --version 1.2.3 oci://example.com/charts/nginx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install mynginx --version 1.2.3 oci://example.com/charts/nginx` with the following information in the above format:
```

* `charURL`: `oci://example.com/charts/nginx`
* `repoURL`: repo where the `values.yaml` files are stored
* `targetRevision`: commit SHA of `<repoURL>`

> * `valuesPath`: array should contain `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>` as supplied to HELM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `valuesPath`: location of `values.yaml` files relative to `<repoURL>`
```

For unsupported languages, use the `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags to link data to a specific commit. Ensure that the `git.repository_url` tag does not contain protocols. For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/example/repo`, the value for the `git.repository_url` tag should be `github.com/example/repo`.

## Kubernetes source code and resource mapping

Datadog's Source Code and resource mapping allow you to connect cluster resources to the source code
that was used to deploy them, using Kubernetes annotations.

`origin.datadoghq.com/location` contains different content depending on how the resources were deployed.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Raw Kubernetes YAML" %}}
If you deployed resources using `kubectl`, use the following annotation format:

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
	"repo": {
		"url": <repo URL>,
		"targetRevision": <sha1 for commit being deployed>,
		"path": <file path of the resource>
	}
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm chart" %}}

> If you deployed resources using `helm`, annotation format depends on how `helm install` was invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deployed resources using `helm`, the annotation format you need to use depends on how `helm install` was invoked.
```

There are six possible ways to do it.

{{% collapse-content title="Chart reference" level="h4" expanded=false id="chart-reference" %}}

Use this option when the chart is stored in the git repo in unpacked form.

> Use the installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path>` with the following information in the above format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path>` with the following payload:
```
Let me know if you'd prefer to describe it differently, but now there's no more "above format" to reference :)

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
  "helm": {
    "repoURL": "repo where the chart and values.yaml files are stored",
    "targetRevision": <commit SHA of repoURL>,
    "valuesPath": ["location of values.yaml files relative to <repoURL>"],
    "chartPath": "<chart/path> relative to <repoURL>"
  }
}
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="Path to a packaged chart" level="h4" expanded=false id="path-to-chart" %}}

Use this option when the chart is stored in the git repo in the form of an archive.

> Use the installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path/arch-x.y.z.tgz>` with the following information in the above format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install <release> <chart/path/arch-x.y.z.tgz>` with the following payload:
```

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
  "helm": {
    "repoURL": <repo where the chart and values.yaml files are stored>,
    "targetRevision": <commit SHA of repoURL>,
    "valuesPath": ["location of values.yaml files relative to <repoURL>"],
    "chartPath": <chart/path/arch-x.y.z.tgz relative to repoURL>
  }
}
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="Path to an unpacked chart directory" level="h4" expanded=false id="path-to-unpacked-chart" %}}

Use this option when the chart is stored somewhere in the current git repo and unpacked during the installation.

Use the installation command `helm install <release> <unpacked/path/dir>` with the following information in the above format:

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
  "helm": {
    "chartURL": <URL of the chart>,
    "repoURL": <repo where the values.yaml files are stored>,
    "targetRevision": <commit SHA of repoURL>,
    "valuesPath": ["location of values.yaml files relative to <repoURL>"],
    "chartPath": <unpacked/path/dir relative to repoURL>
  }
}
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="Absolute URL" level="h4" expanded=false id="absolute-url" %}}

> Use the installation command `helm install mynginx https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz` with the following information in the above format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install mynginx https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz` with the following payload:
```

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
  "helm": {
    "chartURL": <a URL in the format https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz>,
    "repoURL": <repo where the values.yaml files are stored>,

>     "targetRevision": <commit SHA of repoURL>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "chartURL": "<URL in the format https://example.com/charts/nginx-1.2.3.tgz>",
    "repoURL": "<repo where the values.yaml files are stored>",
    "targetRevision": "<commit SHA of repoURL>",
```

    "valuesPath": ["location of values.yaml files relative to <repoURL>"]
  }
}
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="Chart reference and repo url" level="h4" expanded=false id="chart-reference-and-repo" %}}

> Use the installation command `helm install --repo https://example.com/charts/ mynginx nginx` with the following information in the above format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the installation command `helm install --repo https://example.com/charts/ mynginx nginx` with the following payload:
```

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
  "helm": {
    "chartURL": <a URL in the format https://example.com/charts/nginx>,
    "repoURL": <repo where the values.yaml files are stored>,
    "targetRevision": <commit SHA of repoURL>,
    "valuesPath": ["location of values.yaml files relative to <repoURL>"]
  }
}
```

{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="OCI registries" level="h4" expanded=false id="oci-registries" %}}

Use the installation command `helm install mynginx --version 1.2.3 oci://example.com/charts/nginx` with the following information in the above format:

```json
origin.datadoghq.com/location:
{
  "helm": {
    "chartURL": <a URL in the format oci://example.com/charts/nginx>,
    "repoURL": <repo where the values.yaml files are stored>,

>     "targetRevision": <commit SHA of repoURL>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "chartURL": "<URL in the format oci://example.com/charts/nginx>",
    "repoURL": "<repo where the values.yaml files are stored>",
    "targetRevision": "<commit SHA of repoURL>",
```
